Oh, two generals
Didn't you ask me to hand over all the family wealth before?
How did you end up here now?
Without military power, he is a homeless dog
Why are you rampant?
Brother Wang didn't even look at what they did
Rebellion with His Highness the Prince
No, they killed the dead water, His Highness, merciful
You you what you
Without military power, you are a homeless dog
They don't even deserve to talk to us
Just send someone to kill them
Dare to commit crimes
It's ridiculous
I want to be even more stupid in front of His Royal Highness the Prince
But I'm really looking for you
I miss you for my building
After guarding the border for many years
I can give you a chance.
Just surrender to me
I could consider sparing your life
His Royal Highness is merciful
If you want to be mine, you will be torn to pieces
Just a bunch of bereaved people
What are you still putting up here?
Since you don't know the verdict
Don't blame me for being heartless